Okay.
So let's write a couple of tests for our new header container component.
So I'm going to head to my tests directory and my unit folder, then components then shared and I'm
going to create a new test file called header container dot test dot JSP.
I'm going to drag it over to the right hand side and I'll begin by importing our mount function from
view test utils.
As far as why I'm using mount instead of shallow mount, I think it's a little bit safer here because
I am dealing with the idea of components, potentially rendering other components.
Slot is technically a component under the hood and I just want to be safe that I'm getting the full
functionality.
It may be possible that this could work with shallow mount.
You're welcome to try it out, but I'm just going to play it safe and use Mount just in case.
All right.
So we have Mount.
And the next thing I want to import, of course, is the component I'm testing, which is header container.
We see it on the left hand side and it's going to come from the source directory components shared and
header container.
All right.
I'm going to write a describe block.
We are describing our header container component.
And I want to start with a test that tests for our first slot here, our title slot.
So I'm going to write a description.
It allows parent component to provide title content.
And as always, we're going to create a wrapper, which is going to be the return value of invoking
mount and passing in our header container component.
And as you might recall from the previous course section, the way we can provide slots in a test is
by using the configuration object.
The second argument to mount.
So right here we're going to provide an object and it must have a slots property set to an object.
And this is the object where we can figure our slots.
The way this works is the property here represents the slot name and the value represents the HTML that
we want to inject as that slot but written as a string.
So you may recall in the previous section we wrote the property name default and that was referencing
the default slot name, that view assigned to our slot.
In this case, we actually gave our slots explicit names.
So if I want to provide content for the title slot, I have to use a property of title.
It must match this value right here.
Exactly.
So we're populating the title slot content.
And here I can provide something like an H2 and maybe put some text here, like some title.
Okay.
Now, when it comes to testing, what do we really care about?
We care that when we mount our header container, we should see this content in the body of our header
container.
And I think testing for just the text is good enough.
We don't really care about whether this is an H two or H3.
Simply verifying it with the text we have here appears sort of validates for us that we are properly
injecting the slot content.
So what I'm going to do is on my wrapper object, I'm going to call the text method that's going to
going to return a string of all of the text content that the user is going to see when the component
renders.
And I'm going to use the to match matcher to verify that that text contains a substring, a smaller
string, and what text do I want to look for or confirm within my wrappers?
Text a simple string of some title, the exact same text that I provided right here in my H2.
Right?
So I'm going to save that.
I'm going to run NPM, run, test, colon, watch.
And let's see if it passes.
And indeed it does.
I just wanted to fail as well as what I'm going to do is I remove something from my original title slot
and we can see as well that we get the expected failure, that we have the expected substring of some
title, but we're getting something else entirely.
All right.
So we're going to bring this back to some title.
And we can write a very similar test for our other slot.
So right here I'm going to say it allows parent component to provide subtitle content.
And I'm trying my hardest not to get super deep into the implementation in my test descriptions.
So when I use title and subtitle, I'm talking less about the props and more about the purpose of those
slots, which is to kind of provide the primary title and the subtitle.
If you don't think of a better test description that communicates that, feel free to include it.
And what I'm going to do is basically copy that test to have above, because this one's going to be
very similar.
There's just a couple of key tweaks we have to make.
Number one, instead of Title eight targeting the title slot, we now care about testing the other one,
which is called subtitle.
And just to create a little bit of variety here, I'm going to make this an H three just to make sure
it has a little bit of a different look than the test above.
And I'm going to change this to some subtitle and verify that some subtitle appears somewhere in the
text of my header container mounted component.
And we can see that this automatically ran and everything is passing.
All right.
And that, I think is the core crux of what header container is doing.
The rest is just a bunch of demos with the asset classes, which in my opinion isn't really worth testing
because there's no logic there.
So this covers just about everything that I want to worry about in my header container component.